Honor otelhttp.WithMessageEvents(otelhttp.ReadEvents) option with otelhttp.NewTransport(...) (#7513)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

- Add the `WithLoggerProviderOptions`, `WithMeterProviderOptions` and `WithTracerProviderOptions` options to `NewSDK` to allow passing custom options to providers in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/otelconf`. (#7552)
- Added V2 version of AWS EC2 detector `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/detectors/aws/ec2/v2` due to deprecation of `github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go`. (#6961)

### Changed

> - `NewTransport()` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` will now accept `WithMessageEvents(ReadEvents)` to enable span events to be emitted for each read of a HTTP response body.

Reviewer: This is an addition. It needs to be in the `Added` section.

```suggestion
- Handle the `WithMessageEvents` option for `Transport` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#7513)
```
